My father was a patriotic man, and he passed away while in combat when I was only a year old.
I decided that I wanted to do what he highly valued, so I decided to serve in the army.
However, when I began seriously studying the Bible, I cultivated a desire to please only Jehovah, which helped me to change my decision.
When I read Isaiah 2.4,
I understood that the person who wants to live a life pleasing to Jehovah will not learn combat and will not participate in wars.
My stand on neutrality was challenged when I became an adult and was required to serve in the army.
But my Bible beliefs did not allow me to perform such service.
That was why I was arrested and sentenced to two and a half years of imprisonment.
In prison, prayers really helped me.
I asked Jehovah many times to give me the power beyond what is normal so that I couldn't do it.
And in order for me to receive the answers to my prayers, I regularly did personal study and Bible reading.
The visits the elders made were very encouraging.
At those times, I felt Jehovah's warm care.
Jehovah has been my support through his organization, his word, the Holy Spirit, and also through his gifts and men.
It is true that I suffered both physically and emotionally, but I never regretted the position I took.